fix: MD049 consistent emphasis (#20078)
mdn/content: files/en-us/glossary/non-normative/index.md

  - Specification
  - Standardization
---

> Software {{Glossary("specification", "specifications")}} often contains information marked as  _non-normative_ or _informative_, which means that those are provided there for the purpose of helping the readers to understand the specification better or to show an example or a best practice, and not needed to be followed as a rule. Sections that contain official part of the specification that must be followed are often marked as {{Glossary("normative", "normative")}}.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Software {{Glossary("specification", "specifications")}} often contains information marked as  **non-normative** or _informative_, which means that those are provided there to help the readers to understand the specification better or to show an example or a best practice and not need to be followed as a rule. Sections that contain the official part of the specification that must be followed are often marked as {{Glossary("normative", "normative")}}.
```
